FileUploader: describe abortUpload (#1264)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxFileUploader/3 Methods/abortUpload().md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Cancels the file upload.

---

---

##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: JavaScript -->
    var uploadControl = $("#uploaderContainer").dxFileUploader("instance");

    uploadControl.abortUpload()

---

[note]

> The **abortUpload** method works differently in **useForms**, **useButtons** and **instantly** [upload modes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#uploadMode):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **abortUpload** method works differently in the following [upload modes](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileUploader/Configuration/#uploadMode):
```

- **useForms**: The method is not supported in this mode.

> - **useButtons**: Cancels the file upload and makes the file ready for uploading.  

Reviewer: Can you clarify what you mean by "makes the file ready"? Does the file become "available" for upload?

Author: Yes. The "upload" button/link appears under the file and it is available for upload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **useButtons**: Cancels the file upload and makes the file available for upload.  
```
